>> Audience 1: A lot of this stuff is just
really technical and I think what I spend
half the time with, with accessibility,
is going upstream to other designers,
as well as content strategists.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah.
>> Audience 1: So that we can bake in just
proper content structure and order.
And with these things in mind, are there
any resources that specifically address it
from those disciplines versus technical.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah I think that would,
haven't seen a ton.
So I guess some of the stuff is if
you look at some of the material
design principles or something like
the bootstrap high level stuff,
they do a pretty good job at including,
to be like you should order your headings
in this way, those kind of things.
One of the things I've found like
a big win is just helping make some
pretty easy-to-follow rules that
I can pass to design end product.
So for design, sometimes you'll be like
okay, well I need to know if things
can be interacted with and
if so what they do, right?
But that might be a good
time to reach out too and
be like here are just some
general things to think about.
I haven't seen a ton of resources from
that angle, which I think we could really
benefit from some more product level or
design level.
Another big thing that helps with
the product level stuff is if you can
incorporate any of the tools into your CI.
You know its like once something causes
a test to fail as an engineer it's easy to
get some bandwidth to be
like we have to fix or test.
But if there's nothing in CI and
it's just you complaining about it being
inaccessible, I think it
often can fall apart.
So I think that one thing that's great
is if you can get all excited and
add it to CI and then all of a sudden
it's like look at all these failures.
I guess we gotta go fix this.
Even though it's a little bit backhanded,
I've had a lot of luck
with that in the past where I rig
something up and then I'm like man.
Who knew?
Well, I gotta go fix this stuff now.
>> Multiple: [LAUGH]
>> Jon Kuperman: But, yeah.
>> Audience 1: [COUGH] For
going back to contrast on colors,
it's kind of an ongoing
joke where designers love to
have gray text on white and,
well actually there's an example there,
the placeholder text.
They want it to be light enough
that it's just a suggestion but
dark enough that you can read it.
And then you also need to be able to
tell the difference between that and
what you actually typed.
So how do you find that balance?
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, it's tricky for
sure.
One of the big things is if you have, for
a form, so
again there's multiple demographics.
As far as screen readers go,
if the form field has a label,
the placeholder matters less, right?
But yeah,
as far as partially sighted users go or
users with color contrast difficulties,
that stuff can get really tough.
I think just trying to pick a level
of conformance and just run.
Just be like we can
definitely use grays and
whites but it has to be at least
this gray if it's on white.
You know what I mean.
Because you can still have
the text type dim be a lot darker
than the--
>> Audience 1: So if that had a label with
it, would it be okay to have
really light placeholder text?
>> Jon Kuperman: So if it had a label,
then the screen readers,
our users are fine, right?
Cuz it won't even recognize a placeholder.
It'll just say the label.
But if it has a label
that's visually hidden and
then a placeholder that's hard to see and
you have a partially sighted user,
then you might be in some trouble, right?
So if you were,
I don't know a lot of these but
I'm sure we could find a few of
these colors where you can't read
the placeholder at all.
>> Audience 2: The difficulty
actually with the placeholder styling,
that content is controlled and the color
is actually controlled by the browser.
At the moment at least,
as far as I know, that you@yourdomain,
that gray, is not controllable by CSS.
>> Audience 3: Some browsers let you
handle it.
>> Audience 4: I think you can hack your
way into it.
>> Audience 2: Yeah I mean, there are ways
you can hack around it, absolutely.
>> Jon Kuperman: But I do agree, I mean
the challenge, too, being hey, you want to
differentiate type text from placeholder
text by making the type text darker?
>> Audience 4: Ironically,
some of the browser
defaults are not contrast
enough so.
>> Audience 2: Yeah, right.
>> Multiple: [LAUGH]
>> Audience 2: Exactly.
>> Jon Kuperman: Yeah, I mean, yeah.
I think somebody asked a good
question before which was like
trying to do UI/UX stuff and accessibility
stuff usually go hand in hand.
But yeah, this is I think a case
where it might be a little bit of a,
have to be a discussion around keeping
it working for people that are color
blind while making it look similar
to the spec or things like that.
As far as, yeah I mean again, the screen
reader is pretty easy to take care of
because the placeholder's
not gonna get read anyway.
So you can just go ahead and
put a label on it and you're golden.
But yeah, if you have too much gray
on white, it might be difficult.
Are there any major issues dealing
with both internationalization, for
example right-to-left languages,
and accessibility?
Both are very important and
can be challenging.
I'm trying to think of,
I think the first thing that comes to
mind is just that language attribute.
So specifying it on your whole document
and then if you have sections,
like if you're Twitter and
the whole document's in English but
this tweet is in Chinese, you know,
specifying that lang on there too so
the screen readers will know what to
do with it, know to translate it.
I can't really think of major,
internationalization can be really hard
to work with from a design standpoint.
If you're used to strings that
are ten characters long, and
then you switch to a language where
they're super long and they break things.
But I can't think of an exact area
where they would bump into each other
necessarily.
They just both present unique challenges.